Facets 2.5.0 is an significant milestone in the development of
Facets.

First, this release has been tested against Rails' ActiveSupport
library. As long as Facets is loaded after ActiveSupport, everything
should work fine. Of course, there's no counting for real world
trials, but all ActiveSupport tests cases pass under this scenario.

Secondly, Facets 2.5.0 is nearly Ruby 1.9 ready. While it has not
been thoroughly tested yet, the extensions have been reviewed for
potential conflicts and made conditional on the running version
of Ruby where they overlap. So it's a good start. Over the next
couple of release we will complete this process.

Lastly, and most importantly, this release is a signifficant down 
scaling that removes most of the remaining library "fat" from the
collection. Some libraries have been spun-off into separate, largely
compatible projects.

  If you were using...   Use this project instead...

    annotations.rb         Anise

    bytes.rb               RichUnits
    multiplers.rb
    times.rb

    ziputils.rb            Folio
    uploadutils.rb

    command.rb             Clio
    consoleutils.rb

A few other libraries have been deprecated because they were simply 
experimental, such as eventhook.rb.

Although this release largely constitutes a slimming down of Facets,
two excellent new libraries have been added.

1) *ini.rb* by Jeena Paradies. While YAML is frequently used by
Rubyists for configuration files, a full-on serializer like YAML
is often overkill. INI files provide a lightweight solution
specifically geared for configuration files.

2) *filter.rb* by Brian Candler offers lazy evaluation chains of 
Enumerable methods. This is an elegant way to optimize contiguous
maps, selections, etc. --effective even on infinite enumerators.

There still remains some work to do. But I am happy to say, Facets
is finally reaching the level of stability I set out to achieve just
over a year ago. Whew!

Enjoy!


### 2.5.0 / 2008-11-10

* 6 Major Enhancements

    * Re-added date.rb to lore library, and removed from core.  (#r1014)
    * Much improved date.rb extension now in Lore library.  (#r1027)
    * Deprecated kernel/suppress. Use Exception.suppress from now on.  (#r1040)
    * Deprecated string/style.rb. Use English project instead.  (#r1074)
    * Console namespace is no longer supported (for Ansicode).  (#r1077)
    * enumerable/mode.rb, Enumerable#mode returns array since there can be more than one.  (#r1079)
    * OpenCascade automatically creates nodes, use foo? to query.  (#r1056)

* 11 Minor Enhancements

    * Moved variablize methods out of metaid.rb and into separate files (string/ and symbol/).  (#r1042)
    * Added Time#advance.  (#r1046)
    * Speed up of Integer odd/even methods.  (#r1057)
    * Array#index now takes a block (this is a core override).  (#r1059)
    * Spilt file/write.rb into separate method files (append, create, writelines).  (#r1073)
    * Modified Enumerable#split to behave like String#split.  (#r1076)
    * hash/op.rb, split into separate method files.  (#r1081)
    * Added string/modulize. string/methodize handles path names now too.  (#r1085)
    * Class#cattr is now part of core.  (#r1089)

* 2 Bug Fixes

    * OpenStruct#to_h dups internal table.  (#r1015)
    * Fixed require of string/xor in bicrypt.rb.  (#r1039)
    * integer/odd.rb, fixed Ruby 1.9 condition.  (#r1080)

